Submit a file called OPENSOURCE.md with your reflections on the articles about why one would participate in open source software.

**Why do we contribute to open source software? reflection:**
<br>
I found this article's discussion on why individuals decide to contribute to open source projects interesting. Money is usually the primary incentive since people need to put food on the table, but there can be other motivators such as altruism, enjoyment or peer recognition. The article increased my understanding of why people would contribute to open source projects and the benefits beyond monetary or to get a job. People who contribute come from all backgrounds and will have different motivations for contributing. It makes open source projects even more special that with all the different motivations and reason people might be working on a project that they can still create a cohesive and competent final product. Overall the article taught me the motivations people might have when contributing to an open source project.
<br>
**Participating in Open Source Communities reflection:**
<br>
This article gave a broad overview of the open source project landscape. Before this class I had the misconception that open source projects didn't have a strong governing body and was just a bunch of people contributing. I enjoy this article explanation of how that wasn't the case and the different roles people have in an open source project. I also found the discussion of how to work your way up in an open source project useful if I ever want to contribute in an open source project in the future. I learned to start small with your contributions and work your way up to larger ones once you've built confidence in the community. Additionally, I learned the importance of getting to know the people in the community which can help you gain mentorship on your contributions and make it more likely your contributions get added to the project if you build a strong relationship with people that manage the project. I also found the advice towards organizations interesting. As more and more companies and organizations are embracing open source I found it interesting learning what they might look for in an open source project or hiring someone who has skills and insight for certain projects. Overall I found this article very informative about open source projects current standing in the technology world.

